Add changes. (#2517)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/guides/login/oauth-app-config-advanced.md

---

> #### Allowed Grant Types

Reviewer: Change all headings to h2 and sub heading to h3.

The following grant types can be used to generate the access token.

- **Code**: Entering the username and password required at the service provider will result in a code being generated. This code can be used to obtain the access token. For more information on this grant type, see [Authorization Code specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.1).

> - **Password**: This grant authenticates the user using the password provided and the access token is provided. For more information on this grant type, see [Resource Owner Password Credentials Grant specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Password**: This grant authenticates the user using the password obtained and provides the access token. For more information on this grant type, see [Resource Owner Password Credentials Grant specification](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.3).
```

!!! warning
    This is a file configuration and does not appear on the management console.

> When using the **Authorization Code** grant type, the received authorization code can only be used once to get a valid access token and has a expiry time. The expiry time can be configured by adding the following property to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file. The default expiry time is 300 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the **Authorization Code** grant type, the received authorization code can only be used once to get a valid access token and has an expiry time. The expiry time can be configured by adding the following property to the `<IS_HOME>/repository/conf/deployment.toml` file. The default expiry time is 300 seconds.
```
